Update cask migration docs for v1.0.0 (#32)
kevdoran/projector: docs/install.md

## Homebrew (macOS / Linux)

Add the `kevdoran` homebrew tap, trust it, then install the `pj` formula:

```bash
brew tap kevdoran/tap    # one-time: add the kevdoran tap

> brew trust kevdoran/tap  # one-time: allow Homebrew to load the tap's formulae

Author: I could be mistaken, but is there a one-line option for this such as:

```
```suggestion
brew tap --trust kevdoran/tap    # one-time: add the kevdoran Homebrew tap and mark it as trusted
```

Author: Verified on brew 6.0.6 (freshly auto-updated): `brew tap --trust` does not exist — `Error: invalid option: --trust`. Not in `brew tap --help` either.

But your instinct to shorten it was right, and there's a working compression: `brew trust` works **before** the tap exists locally (it's a name registry — verified), and a tap-qualified install (`brew install kevdoran/tap/pj`) adds the tap automatically. So the explicit `brew tap` line is unnecessary:

```bash
brew trust kevdoran/tap        # one-time: Homebrew 6+ requires trusting third-party taps
brew install kevdoran/tap/pj   # adds the tap and installs pj
```

Applied in the latest commit (README, install.md, plus the release-notes draft and the tap README for consistency). If `--trust` lands in a future brew release, this can collapse to a true one-liner.

### Upgrading from a cask install

Prior to v1.0.0, `pj` was distributed as a Homebrew **cask**. It is now
distributed as a Homebrew **formula**. The tap includes a migration mapping
(`tap_migrations.json`), so for most users the switch happens automatically on
the next upgrade (the `brew trust` step is required on Homebrew 6+, even if you
tapped before upgrading to it):

```bash
brew trust kevdoran/tap
brew update && brew upgrade pj
```

If the automatic migration does not kick in, migrate manually:

```bash
# uninstall the old cask
brew uninstall --cask kevdoran/tap/pj

# install the formula (the tap is the same)
brew install kevdoran/tap/pj

> ```

Author: Do we think this is worth including?

Author: Good catch — answered with evidence in 901341d:

**Does it even work with the cask gone from the tap?** Yes, but only in the bare-name form. During the live migration test, brew's tap checkout was already on the migration commit (cask deleted) when `brew uninstall --cask pj` ran — and it succeeded, because Homebrew uninstalls installed casks from the Caskroom's locally saved metadata, not from the tap. The tap-qualified form this doc originally used (`brew uninstall --cask kevdoran/tap/pj`) is the risky one: it resolves the name through the tap, where the cask no longer exists. Fixed to bare names (`brew uninstall --cask pj` / `brew install pj`; core has no `pj` formula, verified via the formulae API, so bare names are unambiguous).

**Worth including?** I'd keep it for v1.0.0 specifically: the automatic `tap_migrations` cask→formula path is expected to work but hasn't been verified end-to-end (the only test machine migrated manually before it could be exercised), and this is the one release where every existing user crosses the bridge. It's now a slimmer two-command fallback. Fine to drop from the docs in a later release once the automatic path is proven.

Author: Removed entirely per discussion — the automatic path is now the single documented route. Plan: release 1.0.0, test the automatic migration on a real machine, and ship a 1.0.1 immediately if the docs or the migration need correcting.
